Components, as we’ve learned, are at the
heart of Angular.
When composing our application our components
form a tree-like structure in which these
components become nested.
These nested or Child components need a way
of receiving data from its parent as well
as sending data back to its parent.
In order to accomplish this Angular provides
us with Inputs and Outputs.
Lets first focus on Inputs.
Input is a decorator used inside a child component
that allows data to flow from a parent component
into the child component.
Whenever a nested component wants to receive
input from its container, it must expose a
property next to an Input decorator.
And this exposed property then gets binded
to a value in the parent.
So inside of our child component we first
need to import the Input decorator.
And then inside our class we invoke our Input
here.
And then we create a property of whatever
we want, in this case named reviews.
This property name can be anything, and you
can think of it like a variable that’s going
to represent some value we get from the parent.
And then we need to define its type, which
in this case is a number.
So this property called reviews is going to
contain a number of reviews given to us by
the parent.
In our current application we’re displaying
the number of book reviews in our template
using book.bookReviews and property in our
class looks like this.
Now the way we’re able to gain reference
to bookReviews in our child component is by
creating a binding inside of our child selector.
So inside our parentComponent html file here
we add in our child selector referencing the
child component and then add a binding.
We wrap the reviews property we defined in
square brackets and then set it equal to a
value inside the parent.
So now our reviews child property has been
assigned the value of bookReviews.
And this means that inside of our child html
file we can now reference the reviews property
which is going to be populated with parent
value.
So if we we’re using interpolation here,
we would see the number 15 displayed in our
child template.
Lets now practice using Inputs inside of our
application.